Search Term: Singapore Food
Page ID: 757957674216980
Page Name: Secret Singapore Food Critic

Post ID: 757957674216980_797685913577489
Post Date/Time: Tue Jun 24 12:38:34 SGT 2014
Post Message:
Marina Barrage Hawker Centre

So far we’ve reviewed a restaurant and an eatery in a mall, today is the turn of a hawker centre of sorts which we stumbled (cycled) across by accident. To let you know how we got to eat here we need to rewind a little and mention the fads and phases that come with life. When I arrived in Singapore I planned to play more golf but that never really happened until one evening on the way home from work I stopped off at Tanglin Mall to get some bread and milk but instead walked out with a brand new set of golf clubs, hat, shoes, balls etc. Then of course came tennis, living in an apartment complex with two tennis courts it was inevitable I guess. First came a few games with the old and feeble racket I shipped out with me but after my rival destroyed me I told myself it was the racket so off I went to Takashimaya to buy a new racket and some tennis shoes too. I got destroyed by my rival just the same and so then came cycling instead.

As with tennis I brought my old cycle to Singapore when I moved here, it was a birthday gift, a bottom of the range thing from Halfords that is extremely hard work as the gears clunk, the hand grips give you blisters and when you get to a reasonable speed then stop pedaling the thing just slows to a halt within seconds. So I fancied cycling along East Coast Park, not yet realizing though that having no cars doesn’t guarantee a pleasant ride as you are constantly dodging maniacs on other sets of wheels such as skate boards and roller skates instead not to mention pedestrians who are unable to walk in a straight line. I then did it, I bought a brand new bike and it is wonderful, shiny and new but oh what a thin and uncomfortable seat it has. I subsequently had to buy a pair of padded cycling shorts which leave me simply not needing to ask if my bum looks big and a padded gel seat just to make the whole cycling experience bearable. Whereas the old thing ground to a halt quickly this thing just glides, when I get up to a good speed and stop pedaling this one just coasts and coasts until eventually I have to brake in fear of reaching Malaysia.

Anyway, our favourite cycle route would take us along the Marina Barrage and one day we happened to notice a small hawker centre nearby and on the way back we decided to stop for a quick bite to eat as cycling can make one hungry. We locked our trusty steeds and ventured inside to see what tempting options were on offer, at which point it quickly dawned on us that this wasn’t a real hawker centre as such as the food was so expensive. Most basic dishes were in the region of $15 each which showed that although it may look like a hawker centre it’s really just another tourist trap. So we opted for a tiny stall selling inexpensive pizza slices instead, choosing a BBQ chicken slice, a vegetarian slice and a portion of fries to share.

The pizza was not bad at all really considering a slice only cost $4.50 and the fries were ok too. For a little over $10 for the whole lot it was very acceptable. What wasn’t acceptable though was the rude behaviour of the guy serving. When politely asked if they had any mayonnaise to accompany our fries he simply bellowed no in return with an expression of disdain rarely seen and the look again re-appeared when we asked if they had any salt which was also met with him telling us that the fries were salty enough. Was he really in a position to judge if our food was salty enough? I remember a story about Marco Pierre White asking diners to leave his restaurant should they ask for salt, is this pizza slice chap trying to emulate him?

It’s quite normal to be served without a please or thank you in Singapore and I’ve got used to that to a certain extent but this was on a different scale of rudeness.

Did the food offer value for money? Yes, it did. 

Would I return? Not a chance.

Post ID: 757957674216980_784389591573788
Post Date/Time: Fri May 30 15:42:33 SGT 2014
Post Message:
Tokyo Pasta Mario - 313 Somerset

If you like a good quick curry then this is the place for you. It is just the place for us too and that is why we often stop here for a bite to eat when shopping at Orchard Road.

About the setting, it’s on the top floor of a mall (or shopping precinct where I come from) and I can see why that would deter some people, I can relate to that totally as some days I can’t face eating in a mall either. On those days when we yearn for a tasty yet hot curry and can suffer a mall this is where we head and it never disappoints.

The menu itself is quite limited so don’t expect many varieties of dishes, there are 15 different types of curry to choose from and some are just slight variances from others like adding cheese for example. You do get to choose the strength of your curry though on a scale of 1-5 which is an excellent idea as not everyone has the same asbestos mouth that I do. Be warned, the number 5 is very hot!

After ordering you are given a disc to take to your table which lights up and flashes when your order is ready to be collected. Sitting at the table in anticipation I’m reminded of Richard Dreyfuss in Close Encounters when he climbs the hill and perches himself down waiting for the lights and his own intergalactic brand of fun to begin.

Between us we ordered a chicken katsu curry and a cheese pork katsu curry and both were sublime, the meat is cooked perfectly and not too greasy with the curry itself being fruity and tasty. You might want to bring a chunk of bread and butter with you though as after finishing the remaining sauce is just screaming out to be mopped up.  The bill for this was $20 which I feel is good value for money.

What’s not to like? Well, we all hate noisy neighbours don’t we and this is the only negative. Next to this place in the mall is a teppanyaki eatery which is directly opposite the top of the escalator and they employ a strange looking chap to stand shouting ‘hello teppanyaki’ with an inane grin on his face to every single person who arrives at the top of the escalator. You can hear this repeatedly as you eat and it does get very annoying after a while. If you sit in the corner next to the windows overlooking Orchard Road you can hear him much less which is a slight blessing.

I have been in Singapore for 3 years and as long as I can remember this guy has been performing the same ritual and yet this place is consistently devoid of diners when the rest of the eating stalls are thriving. After so much time have they not realised that people don’t want to be hassled and yelled at as they are trying to choose where to eat and not to be subjected to this barrage of unnecessary noise? 

Einstein once said that insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. The teppanyaki place should take note.

Post ID: 757957674216980_782277205118360
Post Date/Time: Mon May 26 16:47:11 SGT 2014
Post Message:
Rosso Vino – Robertson Quay

I’ve walked past this place many times when strolling along the river between Robertson Quay and Clarke Quay, always noting to myself that it looks quaint and appealing but it never springs to mind when deciding where to eat.

That all changed recently during one of those typical hot and sunny Singapore Sundays which bring out the very lazy side so easily and the yearning to just sit outside relaxing with nice food and a glass or two of wine while people watching (bitching) and also remembering the climate back home and the inability to enjoy alfresco dining during all but two or maybe three weekends of the year.

The restaurant:
Rosso Vino is to be found at a wonderful location, the quiet part of Robertson Quay towards Clarke Quay overlooking the river. The seating is fine too so you don’t have that cramped feeling with the tables being too close. One thing I did have a genuine problem with though was the photographs adorning one wall, these of the owner with celebrities which gives the place a feel of a Gipsy Rose Lee fortune teller tent with grainy black and white pics of an old woman holding the hand of Mike Baldwin from Coronation Street. Perhaps I’m being harsh but I thought it was laughable.

The service:
This was a real positive part, the service. The gentleman, perhaps the manager, who attended to us was excellent. He was helpful without being in our faces but also charming and friendly with it, making occasional light hearted chit chat but without lingering at the table too long. 

The food and drink:
We ordered appetizers and mains which was definitely a classic case of a game of two halves with the former being sublime and the latter being quite a disappointment. 

The burrata soft cheese served with mixed salad and cherry tomatoes was not only beautiful to look at but also tasty too, the texture of the cheese being perfect. The fried eggplant slices layered with mozzarella, parmesan cheese and tomato sauce was delicious, it’s hard to put into words just how tasty this dish was. After these delicious appetizers we eagerly awaited our main courses wondering if the food would get even better. Sadly it wasn’t to be.

And so they arrived, the gnocchi al pesto fresco was quite bland and the sauce was too oily. The spaghetti carbonara was also bland and the sauce left an aftertaste that wasn’t particularly memorable. A criticism here but not just with Rosso Vino was that the food lacked seasoning. Is it a practice in Singapore to serve the food unseasoned allowing the diner to decide how much salt and pepper to add? Is this playing safe or just an incredible oversight? It’s so rare to tuck into a meal and find it seasoned to perfection, I don’t go into a bar with the expectation of making my own cocktails and so I don’t really wish to have my food served as a relative blank canvas in terms of seasoning either. Be bold and creative!

The bill for the food along with a glass of Chianti and a Sauvignon Blanc was roughly $120 which is ok I guess but we didn’t come away with a strong value for money feeling which I can only put down to the disappointment of the main courses. Would I go back? Yes, I think I would, if only to eat the eggplant appetizer again but then I suspect this place deserves a second chance and an opportunity to sample the fish and meat dishes.

